Patient: Lately I've been stuck worrying constantly about my performance at work as a data scientist, and that worry just freezes me so I procrastinate on everything. I'm dealing with moderate depression and ongoing family conflict, which makes it harder to even start tasks. I'm skeptical this will help—I've tried different approaches and nothing's really worked, so how is talking about this supposed to change anything?

Therapist: It takes a lot of courage to admit feeling stuck and open up about your struggles, especially with depression and family conflict. Can you tell me more about what it feels like when you're worried about your performance at work? What sensations, thoughts, and physical feelings arise in your body when those worries start to build up?

Patient: My head goes into this loop of thoughts like "I'll mess this up, they'll notice, I'm a fraud," and everything feels bigger than it really is. Physically I get a tight chest, shallow breathing, a knot in my stomach, my hands feel cold, and then I can't focus so I just avoid the task and end up feeling guilty. I've told people this before—how is talking about these sensations supposed to help me actually start the work? I've tried grounding and lists; they don't stick.

Therapist: Those physical sensations can feel really intense and overwhelming. It sounds like your mind is getting caught up in a cycle of self-criticism and anxiety. Can you allow yourself to acknowledge those physical sensations, even if they feel uncomfortable? Just notice them, without trying to change them or push them away?

Patient: I can try to notice them, but honestly I don't see how that helps. Right now my chest is tight, my breathing's shallow, my stomach is knotted, my hands are cold, and the thought loop—"they'll notice, I'm a fraud"—just runs faster. Noticing it makes me more aware, sure, but it doesn't make me open the laptop or write the code—how is that supposed to help me actually start?

Therapist: It sounds like noticing the sensations is just perpetuating the loop of thoughts. Let's try something different. Instead of focusing on those thoughts, what would it be like for you if you were to set aside those thoughts for just a minute, even just 30 seconds, and do something that feels valued and important to you in that moment, like taking a few deep breaths, or making a cup of tea?

Patient: Okay, fine — I can try setting aside the thoughts for 30 seconds and take a few breaths or make tea, but I doubt it'll break the paralysis. When I'm in that loop, tiny rituals feel hollow; how is that supposed to translate into me actually opening the laptop and doing the work?

Therapist: It sounds like those rituals feel like a Band-Aid on the underlying anxiety. Can you explore what it would be like if you weren't trying to use those rituals to avoid the underlying anxiety? What if, instead of trying to stop the thoughts or perform a ritual, you simply allowed yourself to be present with the sensations, including the anxiety, and then... did something small and tangible, like opening the laptop, even if you don't feel like it?

Patient: I get the idea, but when I actually try to be present with the anxiety it just sits there and makes the paralysis worse — I can notice the tightness, but that doesn't give me any momentum to open the laptop. When I try to "do something small" the thought "this will be terrible" jumps in and I shut down; telling myself to "just start" has failed me for years. So how is simply allowing the anxiety supposed to bridge that gap to action? I need something concrete — a step-by-step I can actually follow or a way to stop my brain from racing when I try to begin.

Therapist: It sounds like trying to simply be present with the anxiety is actually making it harder to move forward. Let's try something that's a bit more concrete. Can you imagine, right now, making a phone call to a colleague or a friend, not to discuss the project or your anxiety, but just to ask them how their day is going? No expectations, no agenda, just a simple "how are you?" What would it take for you to pick up the phone and make that call, even if you're not feeling motivated?

Patient: Probably something stupidly simple would help — like a one-line script I can read ("Hey, how's your day?"), a 2-minute timer, and permission to bail if it feels awful. I'd probably text first instead of calling; calls feel like performance and that just spikes the worry. But I still don't get how this gets me to open the laptop instead of using the call as another way to avoid the work — how is that supposed to help me bridge that gap? I can try it, but I want a plan that actually forces the next small step on the project itself.

Therapist: Having a simple script and permission to bail if needed can be helpful. Now, let's think about what happens when you do make that call. What would be the next small step you could take after having a brief conversation with that person? For example, could you respond to their question, or write a simple email to acknowledge their inquiry? What would it take for you to write just one sentence, or send one email, without the self-criticism or worry creeping in?

Patient: If I did call someone, the next step I'd actually try is ridiculously small: set a 5‑minute timer, open the project, and paste one prewritten line like "DRAFT: outline start — delete later" at the top of a notebook or write a single function stub and save it. To avoid the self‑criticism I'd need explicit permission to make it disposable — a script I can copy so I don't have to think of the words — and the agreement that I can stop the moment the timer ends. But honestly, I've told myself "it's just a draft" before and the inner voice still shouts it's worthless, so how is this really going to keep the loop from dragging me back into avoidance?

Therapist: Having a clear next step and permission to stop can help with small wins. It sounds like you're struggling with the self-criticism that's coming up after you start writing. What if, instead of trying to silence the inner voice, you were to acknowledge it and say to yourself, "Okay, that's the worry, but I've agreed to do a 5-minute timer and make a small step. Can I give myself permission to do that, even if the worry is still there?" Would that allow you to take that first small step without letting the self-criticism derail you?

Patient: Maybe—I can tell myself that line, but I've done the whole “acknowledge the worry” routine before and it usually just gives the voice more to chew on once I start. If there were real external stakes—like a colleague actually waiting for a one‑line stub or someone checking in after the 5 minutes—I’d be more likely to follow through; on my own, it just feels optional and the loop wins. How is repeating that sentence supposed to overpower the voice when it’s already screaming as soon as I open the file?

Therapist: It sounds like external accountability and consequences are what's helping you make progress in the past. What if, instead of focusing on silencing the inner voice, we explore what it would be like for you to prioritize your values and needs in this moment? What's one thing you value about your work as a data scientist, and what would it look like for you to take that step, even if it feels scary or uncertain?

Patient: I guess what I still care about is actually making work that helps people—turning messy data into something that makes a decision easier or a process less painful. Taking a step would look like opening the repo, writing one clear comment at the top like "Goal: reproduce Table 2" or pasting a one‑line function stub, and running a five‑minute smoke test so there's something tangible. But I'm skeptical—that still feels optional unless someone else expects it; how is aligning with values supposed to beat the paralysis when the inner voice just calls the whole thing pointless?

Therapist: So it sounds like aligning with your values is helping you connect with what's truly important to you. Now, let's explore what would happen if you committed to taking this small step, even if you still had doubts or fears. What if, instead of asking yourself if it's "optional," you simply said to yourself, "I'm going to commit to taking this step, and then I'll re-evaluate how I'm feeling"? Would that give you the space to take the first step, even if you're not feeling 100% confident or excited?

Patient: Maybe — that wording's less punishing, so I could try it. But in reality "I'll re-evaluate later" usually just drifts into nothingness and the avoidance wins; I need concrete scaffolding — a 5‑minute timer, a one‑line stub I can paste, and someone to check in afterward. If you want me to commit now, give me the exact one‑liner and tell me to start a 5‑minute timer — I'll try it, though I'm pretty skeptical it'll actually get me past the freeze.

Therapist: I'm going to give it to you straight: Commit to taking that first step, right now. Here it is: "I will paste a one-line stub into this file and run a 5-minute smoke test." Say it out loud, and I want you to take the next step.

Patient: Fine — I'll say it out loud: "I will paste a one-line stub into this file and run a 5-minute smoke test." I'll paste this: def reproduce_table2(): pass  # DRAFT — placeholder to start. I'm starting a 5‑minute timer on my phone now and will paste that line into the repo, but honestly if the worry spikes I expect to bail — can you check back in after five minutes so I actually follow through?

Therapist: I've got you covered. I'll check in with you in 5 minutes.

Patient: Okay—I’m starting the 5‑minute timer now. My chest’s already tight and my brain’s listing excuses (check email, make tea, anything but), so if I bail I want you to ask specifically, “Did you paste the stub and run the smoke test?” and follow up with, “What got in the way?” Don’t let me off with gentle platitudes—I need blunt accountability, even if I’m skeptical this will help.

Therapist: I've got a clear plan. Let's get this done. Go ahead and paste the stub and run the smoke test. I'll wait for the 5 minutes to pass. When the timer goes off, I'll ask: "Did you paste the stub and run the smoke test?"

Patient: I pasted the stub — def reproduce_table2(): pass  # DRAFT — placeholder to start — but I couldn't bring myself to run the smoke test. My chest tightened, the "what's the point" voice took over, and I started rationalizing delays. Don't give me platitudes: if you want me to actually run it, tell me to run it for 2 minutes right now and say you'll check back immediately — I need blunt accountability. What do you want me to do next?

Therapist: Let's get the smoke test done. I want you to run the smoke test now, for exactly 2 minutes, and I'll check back in immediately after. No excuses, no rationalizations. Just run the smoke test.

Patient: Okay — I'm starting the 2‑minute smoke test now. My chest's tight and my brain's already listing excuses, but I'll run the minimal command for two minutes and try not to bail; I doubt it'll fix anything, but I'm doing it. Check back in two minutes and ask, "Did you run the smoke test?" so I can't dodge it.

Therapist: You've made it through the 2 minutes. I'll check in: Did you run the smoke test?

Patient: Yes — I ran the smoke test for the 2 minutes. It finished but I barely glanced at the output and there was at least one warning/error that I immediately wanted to ignore; I feel a tiny bit of relief it’s done, but my chest is still tight and the paralysis is mostly unchanged. Don’t let me off: ask me to open the log now and copy the first error line here, or tell me to make one tiny fix and run it for 1 minute — which do you want me to do? And seriously, how is this supposed to change the long-term freeze?

Therapist: You've taken a small step, and now it's time to build on that. I want you to open the log and copy the first error line here.

Patient: Here’s the first error line I copied from the log:  
Traceback (most recent call last): File "smoke_test.py", line 42, in <module> reproduce_table2() File "analysis/reproduce.py", line 10, in reproduce_table2 return df['Table2'] KeyError: 'Table2'

I pasted it, but my chest’s still tight and that little win barely changed the paralysis. If you want me to keep going, tell me one tiny concrete fix to make (e.g., wrap the access in try/except and return an empty DataFrame) and tell me to run it for 1 minute — and check back immediately. Also, honestly, how is this supposed to change my long‑term freeze?

Therapist: Now that you've got the error, let's tackle it. I want you to wrap the access in try/except and return an empty DataFrame. I want you to do this now, for 1 minute, and then I'll check back in.

Patient: Okay — I wrapped the access and ran it for one minute. Code I used:  
def reproduce_table2():  
    try:  
        return df['Table2']  
    except KeyError:  
        return pd.DataFrame()

The smoke test completed without crashing; the KeyError is gone but it returned an empty DataFrame. I feel a tiny bit less panicked, but mostly drained — this just feels like a patch that hides the real problem. How is returning an empty DataFrame supposed to help downstream analyses, or my long-term freeze around starting real fixes? Do you want me to (a) trace where df is built to see why 'Table2' is missing, or (b) add a warning log and a simple assert/test that fails so I have to fix the source? Tell me which and I’ll do the next minute of work.

Therapist: It sounds like you're seeing some progress, but still feeling uncertain about the underlying issue. I want you to trace where `df` is built to see why `'Table2'` is missing.

Patient: I'm not sure I follow — how is tracing where df is built supposed to fix the freeze long‑term? Still, I can try. I'll spend 3 minutes searching the repo for where df is created (look for "df =" or "pd.read" etc.) and open that file. Hold me to it: check back with "Did you find where df is built?" and if I dodge ask "What got in the way?"

Therapist: You're being consistent. I want you to check back in after 3 minutes and let me know if you found where `df` is built.

Patient: Yes — I found where df is built: it's in analysis/load_data.py (and the pipeline orchestration in data_pipeline.py). It reads the CSV, then only adds 'Table2' if config['include_table2'] is True — that flag defaults to False, so the column never gets created in some runs.  

I did that in the 3 minutes, but honestly I don't see how chasing these repo details fixes my long-term freeze — it just feels like another tiny task to avoid the bigger pattern. Tell me which to do next: (a) flip the flag and run a quick test, or (b) add a warning/assert so it fails loudly and forces a real fix? I’ll do it if you check back with, “Did you make that change and run it?”

Therapist: You're getting closer to the root cause. I want you to flip the flag and run a quick test. Check back in after 2 minutes and let me know if you've made the change and run it.

Patient: Yes — I flipped config['include_table2'] = True in analysis/load_data.py and ran the quick pipeline. The smoke test now returns a DataFrame with 'Table2' present and it no longer errors, so that's done. 

I feel a tiny bit less panicked but mostly drained and still skeptical — this feels like a patch, not an answer to why I freeze. Do you want me to (a) add an automated test/assert so missing Table2 fails loudly, or (b) trace why the flag defaults to False and fix the config logic? Tell me which and check back with, “Did you pick a or b and start it?” so I can't dodge.

Therapist: You're making progress. I want you to trace why the flag defaults to False and fix the config logic. Check back in after 2 minutes and let me know what you found.

Patient: I found it — the default was set in config/defaults.py (and the loader in analysis/config.py) where include_table2 was intentionally False for legacy runs, and the CLI parser treated a missing key as False so it never got created in some invocations. I changed the default to True, fixed the loader so explicit settings override defaults correctly, and added a small unit test (test_config.py) to catch this regression; I ran the tests and the pipeline — Table2 shows up now. I'm pretty drained and still skeptical this sort of patching stops the bigger freeze, so what’s the next tiny, concrete step you want me to do so I actually keep moving on this instead of slipping back into avoidance?

Therapist: You've addressed the root cause. I want you to add a small, specific, and realistic goal to your project's README, stating exactly what you hope to achieve with this project. What's one sentence that captures your vision?

Patient: Okay — one sentence for the README: "Create a reliable, reproducible pipeline that extracts, validates, and delivers Table 2 from raw data so stakeholders can reproduce key results within five minutes."  

I'll add that, but honestly I'm drained and still skeptical—how is labeling the goal supposed to stop me from slipping back into avoidance? Tell me the next tiny concrete step to keep momentum and check back so I can't bail.

Therapist: You've articulated your vision. I want you to write a single sentence that describes a specific, measurable outcome you'd like to achieve within the next 24 hours. What's one specific result you'd like to see happen with this project, that can be measured and verified?

Patient: Within the next 24 hours I'll run the full pipeline to produce a reproducible Table 2 CSV, commit it with a passing unit test and an updated README entry, and report back here when it's done—even though I'm skeptical this will stop me from slipping back into avoidance.

Therapist: You've set a concrete goal. I want you to make a commitment to report back here within the next 24 hours, whether you've achieved the outcome or not.

Patient: Alright — I’ll commit to report back here within 24 hours about whether I produced the Table 2 CSV and committed the tests/README, though I’m skeptical this will break the pattern. Can you check in with a reminder in ~12 hours and when I report back ask, “Did you run the pipeline and commit the CSV with passing tests? If not, what got in the way?” I need that blunt accountability or I’ll just find reasons to dodge it.

Therapist: You're taking responsibility. I've set a reminder for 12 hours from now. You'll report back then, and I'll ask the blunt question: Did you run the pipeline and commit the CSV with passing tests? If not, what got in the way?

Patient: Okay — I’ll report back in 12 hours and I heard the blunt question you’ll ask. I’m skeptical this will really break the pattern and right now I’m pretty drained and worried family stuff will derail me, but I’ll try to follow through. If I don’t finish it, ask “What got in the way?” and then tell me: do you want me to (a) post a 10‑minute status update here, or (b) set and do one 15‑minute focused block and report back immediately — which do you want me to do?

Therapist: You're making a commitment. I want you to post a 10-minute status update here when you report back in 12 hours.

Patient: Okay — I’ll post a 10‑minute status update here in 12 hours. It’ll say what I actually did, how long I spent, what worked, what blocked me, and one concrete next 15‑minute step. I’m still skeptical this will break the pattern and I’m drained (family might derail me), so be blunt if I dodge — ask “What got in the way?” and push me to do that 15‑minute block.
